Fresh after the nest and loud what else we have nothing.
We have also the contact section within the contact section.
We will then go back to our typical two column layout and on the left hand side there's gonna be some
font of some icon with some kind of let's say title.
Then this is gonna be some address of course an email as well as the phone as well as we're gonna be
working here with the form.
So on right hand side there's gonna be form.
I think we don't need to waste any more time can just head over back to indexation amount since I was
like we already know what we're going to be doing.
And then let me find where is the end of the product.
I'm going to make two comments or is there there's gonna be contact then we're gonna be saying end of
contact on and off as well as what is gonna be within the contact.
I don't know what start first by having a section with a class of contact and then within the section
we're gonna have first of all the contact info as well as contact form.
So this is gonna be a two column layout.
So first let me start by having contact info.
Just to have some kind of comment.
This is gonna be my actual column as was right after that.
Let's write article or take call with a class of contact info here.
This is gonna be the case where I'm gonna copy and paste it and we're gonna change this one around.
So this is not gonna be any more contact info.
This is gonna be a contact form as well as the column name is gonna be contact form as well.
Whatever we're gonna have within the contact info because obviously within the contact form we're gonna
be working with our form.
So it's kind of straightforward but within the contact info there's gonna be a few things.
But you know what I also wanted to have the section center.
I'm sorry I rushed a little bit so it's me right here first a div with the class of section then we're
going to be looking for the center.
So that's gonna be my class because I would want to use that layout thing as well as I would like to
use the clear fixed class because I will gonna be floating them both not let me select both of them.
So both articles and let me move up and now we're gonna be successfully within the center.
So now I'm looking at it.
I already have my section center.
Like I said we're gonna go back to contact info on here is gonna be three things.
So first we're gonna start again by contact info just so we can see where the one starts and the other
one and copy paste it then let's say and off and what we would like to have within these comments.
Well let's create first of all div with a class of contact item and within this div we're gonna have
two things so we're gonna have the actual contact item and then we're gonna have the contact text within
the actual contact text.
There's gonna be title and the address.
Okay.
So there's gonna be a few things in here so let's just keep on moving.
And this is just gonna make a little bit more sense once we get there.
So let's say here they're all gonna be having three.
Now this heading three is gonna have the class of contact title contact title.
So this should be something like this.
And you know what.
What else we're gonna have here not just write that we would want our font awesome icon.
So I'm gonna say airfares and now we're gonna be looking for location arrow location Keisha.
And um I might know I'm not spelling this correctly.
Location and we're saying in a row now we also like to add a class here.
So even though our hour is going to be shown for this plan we're gonna add another class and that is
gonna be contact icon.
So that's going to be another thing.
And you know what maybe we can change this around.
So let's say within the contact info.
This is not going to be contact info but item.
So I think that way we're gonna make a little bit more sense of what we're doing.
So each and every item is gonna have the comment.
Then we had to hang three.
Now right after this panel we're gonna write what is gonna be our title.
So in our case this would be an address as well as a right after the first inning three.
There is gonna be another one that's gonna have the contact text so class contact text.
Uh here let's write the actual address five to three more.
Fairfax.
Fairfax Avenue then L.A. and then we're looking for California.
0 9 0 0 4.
A much more you can write Cincinnati doesn't really matter.
That's gonna be my first contact.
Now the contact that I'm in and of contact.
What I would look to do right now is something where you'd have done before someone to copy and paste
it two times.
But in this case we're not only gonna be changing the icon we're also going to be working with the text.
So first of all for the icon I wouldn't want the location.
Instead we're gonna be going for our not location narrow what is gonna be their envelope.
I think it was the them.
All right.
So email was the second one.
So let's say in this case if a envelope.
Let's say we're going to have.
Yeah.
So we're gonna have the envelope.
This is not going to be the address.
We were gonna write email.
As per the title then let's write email at e mail dot com e mail dot com.
And then we have the third one which is going to be the phone.
So I believe we can do the phone.
I'm pretty sure this is gonna be our Phantasm icon once I say ready.
I'm having the phone so that's all good.
Here I can change this too.
Phone can just close it and here I can change the phone as well as the last one was gonna be the actual
phone number.
So let's say I don't know one two three plus plus plus plus Where are you once.
Mm hmm.
You cannot find a plus one two three four five six seven eight nine that's gonna be our successful phone
number.
That would be for the items and I say we're gonna do more styling once we get there.
But now we can start working on a form.
So within the form we all gonna be first of all creating the form element that we learn obviously already
in normal.
So I'm gonna say formal Now this is gonna give us the action as well as we're gonna have to work with
the method.
However normally since obviously we haven't talked it up to BHP or anything like that it doesn't really
matter what we're doing but since we're gonna be using the form spray once we're gonna be done with
styling and everything will gonna come back and we're gonna set up the action as well as the method
for now we can just delete this and let's just say class and the class is gonna be formed group not
so we don't really need to worry about it just add the class and we're good to go because as we're gonna
start working with Formspring this is we're all gonna set up everything okay.
And then here I would like to start working by the input.
So first there's going to be input input type is gonna be text then the name is important because if
you're gonna be using the form spree you need to make sure that that name is gonna be something we're
all gonna be collecting the values if you're not using you can even old mid name but if you're gonna
be working with the forestry with me then you need to make sure that this name does have some kind of
value meaning if you're gonna write the name this is gonna show up in the forms if you're gonna write
your orange and the orange is gonna show also I would like to have the plus place holder so the place
holder is gonna be name and then I'm gonna have the class of form control.
Now what I would like to do right now notice this is gonna be metal form is just copy and paste this
and change these values around.
Now the second one is gonna be type of email and email then the name is also gonna be email and this
is the difference.
So one is gonna be for a name and the second one is for name.
So the value that's gonna be the name is obviously going to be reflecting to name and the e-mail one
is gonna be for the e-mail.
You know what.
We can also do the email for their place holder so say email is going to be placeholder and then we
have a text area.
So let's right over here the text area element then hero and gonna be looking for a name so name is
still important.
When say something like message we don't care about the deers and the columns as well as the rows.
You know what.
Now Rose we do care about let's say five rows.
So it's gonna be in rows and then we would like to add the and again the class name of form control
because we would like to tell them all.
And then you know what we also can have the place holder of message let's write placeholder message.
Now this is gonna be a message within and last but not least within the form we would like to have the
button.
So let's write button and the button is gonna be submit so we can have the type of submit and that's
the same thing as if would write the input with the value of submit and will work the same way.
And here let's use the fact that we already have the buttons so we can say.
Class class and we're gonna be looking for main PETN.
Remember this is something we were we had a knowledge just types and this is gonna set up everything.
Now it doesn't look very pretty right now.
Again we need to go back to C assess and start signing.
However we did a massive job because we added everything engaged the email so we should really feel
good about ourselves.
And let's head over to see Asus.